---
title: The VAT Group Management Extension | Microsoft Docs
description: You can engage with other businesses to form a VAT group, and act as either a member or representative of the group when reporting VAT.
author: bholtorf
manager: annbe
ms.service: dynamics365-business-central
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms. search.keywords: VAT, value added tax, report
ms.date: 04/01/2021
ms.author: bholtorf
ms.openlocfilehash: 093b361bf2d3f02d08dc6b8d53ad4b58a086f88b
ms.sourcegitcommit: 766e2840fd16efb901d211d7fa64d96766ac99d9
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-GB
ms.lasthandoff: 03/31/2021
ms.locfileid: "5771294"
---
# <a name="the-vat-group-management-extension"></a><span data-ttu-id="7c642-103">The VAT Group Management Extension</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-103">The VAT Group Management Extension</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7c642-104">You can join one or more businesses in your country to consolidate VAT reporting under a single registration number.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-104">You can join one or more businesses in your country to consolidate VAT reporting under a single registration number.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-105">This type of arrangement is known as a *VAT group*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-105">This type of arrangement is known as a *VAT group*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-106">You can engage with the group as a member or the group representative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-106">You can engage with the group as a member or the group representative.</span></span>

## <a name="forming-a-vat-group"></a><span data-ttu-id="7c642-107">Forming a VAT Group</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-107">Forming a VAT Group</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="7c642-108">VAT group members and the group representative can use the **VAT Group Management Setup** assisted setup guide to define their engagement with the group, and create a connection between their [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] tenants.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-108">VAT group members and the group representative can use the **VAT Group Management Setup** assisted setup guide to define their engagement with the group, and create a connection between their [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] tenants.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-109">The group members will use the connection to submit their VAT returns to the group representative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-109">The group members will use the connection to submit their VAT returns to the group representative.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-110">The representative will submit VAT to tax authorities on behalf of the group using a single VAT return.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-110">The representative will submit VAT to tax authorities on behalf of the group using a single VAT return.</span></span> 

## <a name="vat-group-constellations"></a><span data-ttu-id="7c642-111">VAT Group Constellations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-111">VAT Group Constellations</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="7c642-112">Communication happens from group members to the representative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-112">Communication happens from group members to the representative.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-113">The group representative exposes an API that allows the members to submit their VAT returns to the VAT group representative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-113">The group representative exposes an API that allows the members to submit their VAT returns to the VAT group representative.</span></span> 
[!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] <span data-ttu-id="7c642-114">supports inter-group VAT return submissions for companies using [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] on-premises or online, and in any combination.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-114">supports inter-group VAT return submissions for companies using [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] on-premises or online, and in any combination.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-115">The setup of the communication depends on the constellation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-115">The setup of the communication depends on the constellation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-116">The following sections describe how to set up various group constellations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-116">The following sections describe how to set up various group constellations.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7c642-117">The following list shows the recommended order of the steps to set up a VAT group:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-117">The following list shows the recommended order of the steps to set up a VAT group:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="7c642-118">Create the setup in Azure Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-118">Create the setup in Azure Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-119">For more information, see [Requirements for Authentication](ui-extensions-vat-group.md#requirements-for-authentication).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-119">For more information, see [Requirements for Authentication](ui-extensions-vat-group.md#requirements-for-authentication).</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="7c642-120">Share the technical information that VAT group members and the representative need to connect their [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] tenants.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-120">Share the technical information that VAT group members and the representative need to connect their [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] tenants.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-121">Usually, the VAT group representative has this information, such as the name of the VAT group representative's environment to which the VAT group members will submit VAT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-121">Usually, the VAT group representative has this information, such as the name of the VAT group representative's environment to which the VAT group members will submit VAT.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="7c642-122">Create users in the VAT group representative's [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] that VAT group members can use to authenticate and connect.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-122">Create users in the VAT group representative's [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] that VAT group members can use to authenticate and connect.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="7c642-123">Run the **Set up VAT Group Management** assisted setup guide to connect the VAT group members.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-123">Run the **Set up VAT Group Management** assisted setup guide to connect the VAT group members.</span></span>

  <span data-ttu-id="7c642-124">The guide requires some information from the VAT group representative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-124">The guide requires some information from the VAT group representative.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-125">For more information, see the [VAT Group Member Setup](#vat-group-member-setup) section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-125">For more information, see the [VAT Group Member Setup](#vat-group-member-setup) section.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-126">Make a note of the **Group Member ID** for each VAT group member.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-126">Make a note of the **Group Member ID** for each VAT group member.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-127">The representative needs these IDs to add the companies to the VAT group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-127">The representative needs these IDs to add the companies to the VAT group.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="7c642-128">Set up the VAT Group Management extension in the VAT group representative's [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] by using the **Set up VAT Group Management** assisted setup guide.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-128">Set up the VAT Group Management extension in the VAT group representative's [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] by using the **Set up VAT Group Management** assisted setup guide.</span></span> 

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-129">To connect to the VAT group representative, group members need a user with access to the VAT group representative's [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-129">To connect to the VAT group representative, group members need a user with access to the VAT group representative's [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-130">The VAT group representative must create at least one user for this, however, for security reasons we recommended that you create a user for each VAT group member.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-130">The VAT group representative must create at least one user for this, however, for security reasons we recommended that you create a user for each VAT group member.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-131">Make sure to distribute the credentials for these users to VAT group members in a secure way.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-131">Make sure to distribute the credentials for these users to VAT group members in a secure way.</span></span>

## <a name="understanding-the-vat-group-management-setup"></a><span data-ttu-id="7c642-132">Understanding the VAT Group Management Setup</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-132">Understanding the VAT Group Management Setup</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7c642-133">The VAT group representative exposes an API that VAT group members can use to connect to their [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] tenant and submit VAT returns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-133">The VAT group representative exposes an API that VAT group members can use to connect to their [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] tenant and submit VAT returns.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-134">VAT group members will often use [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] in separate Azure Active Directory tenants.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-134">VAT group members will often use [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] in separate Azure Active Directory tenants.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-135">Therefore, more setup is needed to make a connection between the VAT group member and representative's [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-135">Therefore, more setup is needed to make a connection between the VAT group member and representative's [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)].</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="7c642-136">VAT group members connect to the representative by calling a web service on the VAT group representative tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-136">VAT group members connect to the representative by calling a web service on the VAT group representative tenant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-137">The caller must be authenticated using OAuth.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-137">The caller must be authenticated using OAuth.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-138">When the VAT Group Management extension is set up, you will be asked to authenticate to the VAT group representative to get and save an access token.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-138">When the VAT Group Management extension is set up, you will be asked to authenticate to the VAT group representative to get and save an access token.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-139">This access token is used when submitting VAT returns to the VAT group representative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-139">This access token is used when submitting VAT returns to the VAT group representative.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="7c642-140">Authentication is handled by Azure Active Directory, so your setup must be made in the VAT group representative's Azure Active Directory to allow connections.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-140">Authentication is handled by Azure Active Directory, so your setup must be made in the VAT group representative's Azure Active Directory to allow connections.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-141">An Azure Active Directory app registration must be configured with access to the VAT group representative's [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-141">An Azure Active Directory app registration must be configured with access to the VAT group representative's [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-142">This is also true if the VAT group representative is using [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-142">This is also true if the VAT group representative is using [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] on-premises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-143">Additionally, you must configure Single Sign-On if the VAT group representative is using [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] on-premises.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-143">Additionally, you must configure Single Sign-On if the VAT group representative is using [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] on-premises.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-144">For a limited time, authentication using a web service access key is also supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-144">For a limited time, authentication using a web service access key is also supported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-145">For more information, see [Deprecated Features in 2021 release wave 1](/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/upgrade/deprecated-features-w1#deprecated-features-in-2021-release-wave-1).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-145">For more information, see [Deprecated Features in 2021 release wave 1](/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/upgrade/deprecated-features-w1#deprecated-features-in-2021-release-wave-1).</span></span>

## <a name="requirements-for-authentication"></a><span data-ttu-id="7c642-146">Requirements for Authentication</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-146">Requirements for Authentication</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="7c642-147">When the VAT group representative is using [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] online or on-premises, VAT group members use Azure Active Directory to authenticate when they submit VAT returns to the VAT group representative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-147">When the VAT group representative is using [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] online or on-premises, VAT group members use Azure Active Directory to authenticate when they submit VAT returns to the VAT group representative.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-148">If the VAT group members are also using [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] online, the VAT group member can authenticate using the designated user credentials and the endpoint information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-148">If the VAT group members are also using [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] online, the VAT group member can authenticate using the designated user credentials and the endpoint information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-149">For more information, see [VAT Group Member Setup](ui-extensions-vat-group.md#vat-group-member-setup).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-149">For more information, see [VAT Group Member Setup](ui-extensions-vat-group.md#vat-group-member-setup).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7c642-150">VAT group members who have [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] on-premises must set up an app registration in Azure Active Directory for the VAT group representative's [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-150">VAT group members who have [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] on-premises must set up an app registration in Azure Active Directory for the VAT group representative's [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] tenant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-151">The app registration will enable the VAT group representative's [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] online to authenticate the group member.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-151">The app registration will enable the VAT group representative's [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] online to authenticate the group member.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-152">For more information, see [Quickstart: Register an application with the Microsoft identity platform](/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-152">For more information, see [Quickstart: Register an application with the Microsoft identity platform](/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7c642-153">When you create the app registration in Azure Active Directory, you must specify the following.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-153">When you create the app registration in Azure Active Directory, you must specify the following.</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="7c642-154">In the **Authentication** section, add **Web** as a platform, and use the following **Redirect URL**: https://businesscentral.dynamics.com/OAuthLanding.htm.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-154">In the **Authentication** section, add **Web** as a platform, and use the following **Redirect URL**: https://businesscentral.dynamics.com/OAuthLanding.htm.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="7c642-155">In the **Authentication** section, in the option to select **Supported account types**, select **Accounts in any organisational directory (Any Azure AD directory - Multitenant)**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-155">In the **Authentication** section, in the option to select **Supported account types**, select **Accounts in any organizational directory (Any Azure AD directory - Multitenant)**.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="7c642-156">In the **Certificates & secrets** section, create a new client secret and note the value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-156">In the **Certificates & secrets** section, create a new client secret and note the value.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-157">The VAT group members will need the secret when they set up the connection to the group representative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-157">The VAT group members will need the secret when they set up the connection to the group representative.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="7c642-158">In the **API permissions** section, add permissions to [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-158">In the **API permissions** section, add permissions to [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-159">Enable delegated access to **Financials.ReadWrite.All** and **user_impersonation**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-159">Enable delegated access to **Financials.ReadWrite.All** and **user_impersonation**.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="7c642-160">In the **Overview** section, note the **Application (client) ID**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-160">In the **Overview** section, note the **Application (client) ID**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-161">The VAT group members will need the ID when they set up the connection to the group representative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-161">The VAT group members will need the ID when they set up the connection to the group representative.</span></span> 

## <a name="vat-group-member-setup"></a><span data-ttu-id="7c642-162">VAT Group Member Setup</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-162">VAT Group Member Setup</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="7c642-163">Set up the VAT group member by starting the **Set up VAT Group Management** assisted setup guide.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-163">Set up the VAT group member by starting the **Set up VAT Group Management** assisted setup guide.</span></span> 

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-164">Before you get started, contact the VAT group representative for the following information about their [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] tenant:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-164">Before you get started, contact the VAT group representative for the following information about their [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] tenant:</span></span>
>
> * <span data-ttu-id="7c642-165">The API URL</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-165">The API URL</span></span>
> * <span data-ttu-id="7c642-166">The name of their company</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-166">The name of their company</span></span> 
> * <span data-ttu-id="7c642-167">Client ID</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-167">Client ID</span></span>
> * <span data-ttu-id="7c642-168">Client secret</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-168">Client secret</span></span>
> * <span data-ttu-id="7c642-169">Sign in credentials for the dedicated user</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-169">Sign in credentials for the dedicated user</span></span> 

1. <span data-ttu-id="7c642-170">To define the company's VAT group role, choose **Member**, and then choose **Next**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-170">To define the company's VAT group role, choose **Member**, and then choose **Next**.</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="7c642-171">Copy the value of the **Group Member ID** field, and then share it with the VAT group representative so they can add your company as an approved member of the group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-171">Copy the value of the **Group Member ID** field, and then share it with the VAT group representative so they can add your company as an approved member of the group.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="7c642-172">Add the **API URL** from the VAT group representative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-172">Add the **API URL** from the VAT group representative.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-173">Typically, the URL is formatted as follows: `https://api.businesscentral.dynamics.com/v2.0/[TENANT-ID]/[ENVIRONMENTNAME]`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-173">Typically, the URL is formatted as follows: `https://api.businesscentral.dynamics.com/v2.0/[TENANT-ID]/[ENVIRONMENTNAME]`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-174">For example, `https://api.businesscentral.dynamics.com/v2.0/907869c3-b252-4aca-b9cb-17a15d25477b/UKRepresentative`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-174">For example, `https://api.businesscentral.dynamics.com/v2.0/907869c3-b252-4aca-b9cb-17a15d25477b/UKRepresentative`.</span></span> 
4. <span data-ttu-id="7c642-175">Add the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] company name of the VAT group representative, such as *CRONUS UK Ltd*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-175">Add the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] company name of the VAT group representative, such as *CRONUS UK Ltd*.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="7c642-176">Choose **Authentication Type**, choose **OAuth2**, and then choose **Next**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-176">Choose **Authentication Type**, choose **OAuth2**, and then choose **Next**.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="7c642-177">In the **Client ID** field, enter the ID provided by the VAT group representative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-177">In the **Client ID** field, enter the ID provided by the VAT group representative.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="7c642-178">In the **Client Secret provided by the VAT Group representative** field, enter the secret provided by the VAT group representative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-178">In the **Client Secret provided by the VAT Group representative** field, enter the secret provided by the VAT group representative.</span></span>
8. <span data-ttu-id="7c642-179">In the **OAuth 2.0 Authority Endpoint** field, enter *https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-179">In the **OAuth 2.0 Authority Endpoint** field, enter *https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2*.</span></span>
9. <span data-ttu-id="7c642-180">In the **OAuth 2.0 Resource URL** field, enter *https://api.businesscentral.dynamics.com/*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-180">In the **OAuth 2.0 Resource URL** field, enter *https://api.businesscentral.dynamics.com/*.</span></span>
10. <span data-ttu-id="7c642-181">In the **OAuth 2.0 Redirect URL** field, enter *https://businesscentral.dynamics.com/OAuthLanding.htm*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-181">In the **OAuth 2.0 Redirect URL** field, enter *https://businesscentral.dynamics.com/OAuthLanding.htm*.</span></span> 
11. <span data-ttu-id="7c642-182">When you have specified the various fields, choose **Next**, and then enter the user credentials that were provided by the VAT group representative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-182">When you have specified the various fields, choose **Next**, and then enter the user credentials that were provided by the VAT group representative.</span></span>
12. <span data-ttu-id="7c642-183">Choose the VAT report configuration that you use to report VAT to authorities in your country.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-183">Choose the VAT report configuration that you use to report VAT to authorities in your country.</span></span>

  <span data-ttu-id="7c642-184">For example, in the United Kingdom, the VAT report configuration would be set up to report VAT to HMRC.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-184">For example, in the United Kingdom, the VAT report configuration would be set up to report VAT to HMRC.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-185">The VAT Group Management extension copies this setup but replaces the submission codeunit with one that supports submission to the VAT group representative rather than the tax authorities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-185">The VAT Group Management extension copies this setup, but replaces the submission codeunit with one that supports submission to the VAT group representative rather than the tax authorities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-186">The codeunit is provided by Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-186">The codeunit is provided by Microsoft.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-187">When done, choose **Next**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-187">When done, choose **Next**.</span></span>

## <a name="using-the-vat-group-management-features"></a><span data-ttu-id="7c642-188">Using the VAT Group Management Features</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-188">Using the VAT Group Management Features</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7c642-189">VAT group members use the standard processes to prepare VAT returns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-189">VAT group members use the standard processes to prepare VAT returns.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-190">The only difference is to choose the **VATGROUP** report version, which submits the VAT return to the VAT group representative rather than the authorities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-190">The only difference is to choose the **VATGROUP** report version, which submits the VAT return to the VAT group representative rather than the authorities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-191">For more information, see [About the VAT Return report](finance-how-report-vat.md#about-the-vat-return-report).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-191">For more information, see [About the VAT Return report](finance-how-report-vat.md#about-the-vat-return-report).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7c642-192">The following sections describe the tasks that VAT group representatives must perform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-192">The following sections describe the tasks that VAT group representatives must perform.</span></span>

### <a name="vat-group-submissions"></a><span data-ttu-id="7c642-193">VAT Group Submissions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-193">VAT Group Submissions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7c642-194">The **VAT Group Submissions** page lists the VAT returns that members have submitted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-194">The **VAT Group Submissions** page lists the VAT returns that members have submitted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-195">The page serves as a draft location for the submissions until the VAT group representative includes them in a VAT return for the group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-195">The page serves as a draft location for the submissions until the VAT group representative includes them in a VAT return for the group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-196">You can open the submissions to review the VAT for the individual boxes reported by the VAT group member.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-196">You can open the submissions to review the VAT for the individual boxes reported by the VAT group member.</span></span>

### <a name="creating-a-group-vat-return"></a><span data-ttu-id="7c642-197">Creating a Group VAT Return</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-197">Creating a Group VAT Return</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7c642-198">To report VAT on behalf of the group, on the **VAT Returns** page, create a VAT return for your company only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-198">To report VAT on behalf of the group, on the **VAT Returns** page, create a VAT return for your company only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-199">Afterward, include the most recent VAT submissions from VAT group members by choosing the **Include Group VAT** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-199">Afterward, include the most recent VAT submissions from VAT group members by choosing the **Include Group VAT** action.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="7c642-200">When the VAT Group representative's VAT Return has been submitted to the authorities on behalf of the entire group, you will normally run the **Calculate and Post VAT Settlement** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-200">When the VAT Group representative's VAT Return has been submitted to the authorities on behalf of the entire group, you will normally run the **Calculate and Post VAT Settlement** action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-201">This action closes open VAT Entries and transfers amounts to the VAT Settlement account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-201">This action closes open VAT Entries and transfers amounts to the VAT Settlement account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-202">Currently, this action does not take the group submissions into account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-202">Currently, this action does not take the group submissions into account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-203">This means that only the VAT Entries of the VAT Group representative company will be posted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-203">This means that only the VAT Entries of the VAT Group representative company will be posted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-204">The VAT Group member submission amounts must be posted to the VAT settlement amount manually, so that the VAT Group representative's VAT Settlement account will reflect the liability of what was reported to authorities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-204">The VAT Group member submission amounts must be posted to the VAT settlement amount manually, so that the VAT Group representative's VAT Settlement account will reflect the liability of what was reported to authorities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-205">This behaviour will change in an upcoming update of [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)], so the entire group VAT (the Total Amount on Report Lines on the VAT Return) will be settled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-205">This behavior will change in an upcoming update of [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)], so the entire group VAT (the Total Amount on Report Lines on the VAT Return) will be settled.</span></span> 

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-206">VAT group members can correct submitted VAT returns as long as the group representative has not released the VAT return for the group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-206">VAT group members can correct submitted VAT returns as long as the group representative has not released the VAT return for the group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-207">To make a correction, the VAT group member must create a new VAT return for the VAT return period and submit it to the VAT group representative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-207">To make a correction, the VAT group member must create a new VAT return for the VAT return period and submit it to the VAT group representative.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-208">On the VAT group representative's side, the latest VAT return will be included on the **VAT Returns** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-208">On the VAT group representative's side, the latest VAT return will be included on the **VAT Returns** page.</span></span> 

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-209">The VAT group functionality is only supported in those markets where [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] uses a VAT framework that consists of VAT returns and VAT return periods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-209">The VAT group functionality is only supported in those markets where [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] uses a VAT framework that consists of VAT returns and VAT return periods.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7c642-210">You cannot use VAT groups in other markets that have other implementations of local VAT reporting, such as Austria, Germany, Italy, Spain, and Switzerland.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-210">You cannot use VAT groups in other markets that have other implementations of local VAT reporting, such as Austria, Germany, Italy, Spain, and Switzerland.</span></span> 

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="7c642-211">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-211">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="7c642-212">Work with VAT on Sales and Purchases</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-212">Work with VAT on Sales and Purchases</span></span>](finance-work-with-vat.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="7c642-213">Set Up Value-Added Tax</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7c642-213">Set Up Value-Added Tax</span></span>](finance-setup-vat.md)


[!INCLUDE[footer-include](includes/footer-banner.md)]
