---
title: Brexit Impact on Business Central - United Kingdom leaving the European Union
description: Learn about recommended steps you can take in Business Central to help manage the impact of the United Kingdom leaving the European Union.
author: sorenfriisalexandersen
ms.service: dynamics365-business-central
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.reviewer: bholtorf
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: united kingdom, uk, brexit, eu, european union, great britain, northern ireland
ms.date: 04/01/2021
ms.author: soalex
ms.openlocfilehash: b3476df5762454e1e23e4237964a6829d75ceb5e
ms.sourcegitcommit: 766e2840fd16efb901d211d7fa64d96766ac99d9
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-GB
ms.lasthandoff: 03/31/2021
ms.locfileid: "5774225"
---
# <a name="brexit-impact-on-business-central"></a><span data-ttu-id="70e57-103">Brexit Impact on Business Central</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-103">Brexit Impact on Business Central</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="70e57-104">The departure of the United Kingdom (UK) from the European Union (EU) will impact many businesses operating inside and across UK borders.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-104">The departure of the United Kingdom (UK) from the European Union (EU) will impact many businesses operating inside and across UK borders.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-105">As of January 1, 2021, it is likely the impact on UK businesses will revolve around these areas:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-105">As of January 1, 2021, it is likely the impact on UK businesses will revolve around these areas:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="70e57-106">Importing goods from the EU</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-106">Importing goods from the EU</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="70e57-107">Exporting goods to the EU</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-107">Exporting goods to the EU</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="70e57-108">Moving goods to or from Northern Ireland</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-108">Moving goods to or from Northern Ireland</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="70e57-109">If your business performs any of the above activities, you will likely need to make some configuration changes in [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-109">If your business performs any of the above activities, you will likely need to make some configuration changes in [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)].</span></span>

> [!NOTE]  
>  <span data-ttu-id="70e57-110">Make sure to check with Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HMRC) for the latest information and to investigate the impact that Brexit might have on your business: [https://www.gov.uk/transition](https://www.gov.uk/transition).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-110">Make sure to check with Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HMRC) for the latest information and to investigate the impact that Brexit might have on your business: [https://www.gov.uk/transition](https://www.gov.uk/transition).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-111">Microsoft will continuously monitor legislation changes due to Brexit and assess potential product impact.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-111">Microsoft will continuously monitor legislation changes due to Brexit and assess potential product impact.</span></span>   


## <a name="trade-across-borders-and-the-use-of-economic-operators-registration-and-identification-numbers"></a><span data-ttu-id="70e57-112">Trade Across Borders and the Use of Economic Operators Registration and Identification Numbers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-112">Trade Across Borders and the Use of Economic Operators Registration and Identification Numbers</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="70e57-113">Businesses in the UK are now subject to more administrative burdens when exporting and importing goods across borders, and one of these areas is with Customs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-113">Businesses in the UK are now subject to more administrative burdens when exporting and importing goods across borders, and one of these areas is with Customs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-114">Although [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] does not support Customs documents by default, we have added a new **EORI number** field to the **Company Information**, **Customer**, and **Vendor** pages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-114">Although [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] does not support Customs documents by default, we have added a new **EORI number** field to the **Company Information**, **Customer**, and **Vendor** pages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-115">This field is added to the international version (W1) and is available in all versions for European countries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-115">This field is added to the international version (W1) and is available in all versions for European countries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-116">In the UK version, we have also added a **Supplementary VAT Reg. Number** field on the **Company Information** page for scenarios where you must provide more than one of VAT registration number.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-116">In the UK version, we have also added a **Supplementary VAT Reg. Number** field on the **Company Information** page for scenarios where you must provide more than one of VAT registration number.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-117">For example, this number is typically on invoices, depending on the countries/regions of the specific trade and on the movement of goods and services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-117">For example, this number is typically on invoices, depending on the countries/regions of the specific trade and on the movement of goods and services.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="70e57-118">Please engage your [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] reselling partner for assistance with adding the **EORI number** or **Supplementary VAT Reg. Number** to the relevant reports.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-118">Please engage your [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] reselling partner for assistance with adding the **EORI number** or **Supplementary VAT Reg. Number** to the relevant reports.</span></span>  

> [!NOTE]  
>  <span data-ttu-id="70e57-119">If you are using [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] on-premises, to use the **EORI number**, **Supplemental VAT Reg. No.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-119">If you are using [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] on-premises, to use the **EORI number**, **Supplemental VAT Reg. No.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-120">and **Location Code** fields you must install the January 2021 Cumulative Update.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-120">and **Location Code** fields you must install the January 2021 Cumulative Update.</span></span>   

## <a name="trade-involving-northern-ireland"></a><span data-ttu-id="70e57-121">Trade Involving Northern Ireland</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-121">Trade Involving Northern Ireland</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="70e57-122">If part of your business is in Northern Ireland and you trade across EU borders or other European countries, or your business is in one of these countries and trade with a company or move goods into Northern Ireland, make sure to do the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-122">If part of your business is in Northern Ireland and you trade across EU borders or other European countries, or your business is in one of these countries and trade with a company or move goods into Northern Ireland, make sure to do the following:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="70e57-123">Add your **EORI number** and/or **Supplemental VAT Registration number** (starting with "XI") on the **Company Information** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-123">Add your **EORI number** and/or **Supplemental VAT Registration number** (starting with "XI") on the **Company Information** page.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="70e57-124">Add Northern Ireland to the **Countries/Regions** list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-124">Add Northern Ireland to the **Countries/Regions** list.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="70e57-125">Specify this region on the relevant trading partners, such as customers and vendors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-125">Specify this region on the relevant trading partners, such as customers and vendors.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="70e57-126">Specify an **EORI number** for your trading partners, such as customers and vendors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-126">Specify an **EORI number** for your trading partners, such as customers and vendors.</span></span>
* <span data-ttu-id="70e57-127">Specify Northern Ireland on the **Locations** page as the region for any warehouse locations you have in Northern Ireland.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-127">Specify Northern Ireland on the **Locations** page as the region for any warehouse locations you have in Northern Ireland.</span></span>  

## <a name="intrastat-changes"></a><span data-ttu-id="70e57-128">Intrastat Changes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-128">Intrastat Changes</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="70e57-129">Northern Ireland will have a dual position in the EU in areas related to the Customs Union, Single Market, VAT regime, and in the UK’s equivalents for goods (only).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-129">Northern Ireland will have a dual position in the EU in areas related to the Customs Union, Single Market, VAT regime, and in the UK’s equivalents for goods (only).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-130">Goods moved in or out of Northern Ireland to or from European countries must be reported on Intrastat.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-130">Goods moved in or out of Northern Ireland to or from European countries must be reported on Intrastat.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-131">To handle this requirement, use Intrastat journals in [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-131">To handle this requirement, use Intrastat journals in [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)].</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="70e57-132">Because Intrastat reporting is no longer needed for regular export and import for the UK, you may need to filter or delete such item movements on the **Intrastat Journal** when lines are suggested in the journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-132">Because Intrastat reporting is no longer needed for regular export and import for the UK, you may need to filter or delete such item movements on the **Intrastat Journal** when lines are suggested in the journal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-133">To make this easier, we have added a **Location Code** field on the **Intrastat Journal Lines** so you can filter lines based on their **Ship-from** or **Receive-to** location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-133">To make this easier, we have added a **Location Code** field on the **Intrastat Journal Lines** so you can filter lines based on their **Ship-from** or **Receive-to** location.</span></span> 

## <a name="vat-impact-on-moving-goods-in-and-out-of-northern-ireland"></a><span data-ttu-id="70e57-134">VAT Impact on Moving Goods In and Out of Northern Ireland</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-134">VAT Impact on Moving Goods In and Out of Northern Ireland</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="70e57-135">If your business has a warehouse in Northern Ireland, goods moved to that location will be subject to VAT as of January 1, 2021.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-135">If your business has a warehouse in Northern Ireland, goods moved to that location will be subject to VAT as of January 1, 2021.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-136">When those goods are sold, VAT can be reclaimed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-136">When those goods are sold, VAT can be reclaimed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-137">This and other scenarios involving the VAT process changes are not supported by standard features in [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-137">This and other scenarios involving the VAT process changes are not supported by standard features in [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-138">Although you may be able to configure [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] for your business, we recommend that you engage your [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] reselling partner to help ensure that your configuration changes are compliant and optimal for the scenarios that are specific to your business.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-138">Although you may be able to configure [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] for your business, we recommend that you engage your [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] reselling partner to help ensure that your configuration changes are compliant and optimal for the scenarios that are specific to your business.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-139">Your partner can also refer you to product add-ons that you might need.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-139">Your partner can also refer you to product add-ons that you might need.</span></span> 

## <a name="frequently-asked-questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="70e57-140">Frequently Asked Questions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-140">Frequently Asked Questions</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="70e57-141">**I’m using [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] online – where is my data stored?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-141">**I’m using [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] online – where is my data stored?**</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="70e57-142">The data for UK customers using [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] online is stored in data centres in the UK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-142">The data for UK customers using [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] online is stored in data centers in the UK.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-143">If you create another [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] environment in the same Azure AD tenant, and choose another country for this environment, the data will be stored in data centres that serve that specific country.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-143">If you create another [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] environment in the same Azure AD tenant, and choose another country for this environment, the data will be stored in data centers that serve that specific country.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-144">In most cases, those data centres are outside the UK, which helps ensure optimal data residency and performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-144">In most cases, those data centers are outside the UK, which helps ensure optimal data residency and performance.</span></span>

2. <span data-ttu-id="70e57-145">**Does [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] support legislation in the United Kingdom?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-145">**Does [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] support legislation in the United Kingdom?**</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="70e57-146">In many cases, yes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-146">In many cases, yes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-147">As with all countries for which Microsoft provides a localised version, we follow the impact of local and EU-wide legislation and evaluate how we can support our customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-147">As with all countries for which Microsoft provides a localized version, we follow the impact of local and EU-wide legislation and evaluate how we can support our customers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-148">The responsibility for compliance rests on the individual business in a country, but we provide tools and features that can help our customers meet regulatory requirements, within the confines of our product strategy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-148">The responsibility for compliance rests on the individual business in a country, but we provide tools and features that can help our customers meet regulatory requirements, within the confines of our product strategy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-149">A good example of that is our feature for Making Tax Digital, which makes VAT reporting easier and fully digital.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-149">A good example of that is our feature for Making Tax Digital, which makes VAT reporting easier and fully digital.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-150">There are, however, cases where regulations may require other feature support.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-150">There are, however, cases where regulations may require other feature support.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-151">For example, if regulatory changes impact a vertical industry, such as construction, we expect that the Microsoft Independent Software Vendor (ISV) who provides a solution that extends [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] for that industry will deliver the features needed to comply.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-151">For example, if regulatory changes impact a vertical industry, such as construction, we expect that the Microsoft Independent Software Vendor (ISV) who provides a solution that extends [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] for that industry will deliver the features needed to comply.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="70e57-152">However, the business who uses the solution is responsible for compliance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-152">However, the business who uses the solution is responsible for compliance.</span></span>

### <a name="questions"></a><span data-ttu-id="70e57-153">Questions?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-153">Questions?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="70e57-154">If you have questions regarding the localisation of [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)], contact the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] localisation team at **d365bcloc@microsoft.com**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-154">If you have questions regarding the localization of [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)], contact the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../includes/prod_short.md)] localization team at **d365bcloc@microsoft.com**.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="70e57-155">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-155">See Also</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="70e57-156">United Kingdom Local Functionality</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="70e57-156">United Kingdom Local Functionality</span></span>](united-kingdom-local-functionality.md)  


[!INCLUDE[footer-include](../../includes/footer-banner.md)]